and we we've really come to understand
the importance of clarity in prompting
and in structured prompting cuz you know
when you write a whole Spiel it's going
to confuse cat GPT or these large
language models but when you have a
structured approach like we do and then
you understand some of the principles
that we're going to be sharing in our
upcoming course you realize oh wow
prompting really is not just a skill
that's going to help me in my business
or all of that it's going to help you
personalize all these new things that
are coming down the pipeline the AI
pipeline if you like uh because it's the
power of personalization and the people
that are that understand prompting or
understand how to communicate as you say
with these large language models the are
the ones that are going to get the most
valuable output or the most value from
these tools